---
version: v1.3.1
---
_live buffer improvements_

- NEW: PARAMS > ‘1-shot sync’ allows 1-shot buffer recording to sync to the global clock, to capture clean quantized recordings. Options include ‘next beat’, ‘next bar’, and ‘free’ (no clock sync).
If set to ‘next beat’ or ‘next bar’, a running 1-shot recording will ignore additional triggers until it has reached the buffer window’s end-point.
- NEW: PARAMS > ‘rec loop encoder resolution’ will auto-align the live buffer window to the specified resolution and will clamp encoders to add, subtract, or shift at multiples of that resolution. Options include ‘0.1’ and ‘0.01’ (standard), as well as tempo-aware ‘1/16’, ‘1/8’, ‘1/4’, ‘1/2’ and ‘1 bar’. To get odd divisions or lengths greater than 1 bar, use encoders on the [loops] page (while the live buffer is highlighted) to add/subtract/move the loop window incrementally.
- NEW: PARAMS > ‘random rec probability’ can be set to randomly toggle recording into the selected section of the live buffer.
- CHANGE: PARAMS > ‘live buffer max’ adjustments will automatically enforce a ‘global pitch offset’ to match.

_auto-slice_

- NEW: ‘auto-slice bank’ feature will slice the current live buffer window across all of a bank’s pads. To perform the action, press grid-ALT + the first key in the row underneath the bank you wish to auto-slice the live buffer into.
- NEW: ‘auto-adjust buffer’ feature will adjust the live buffer’s window to match the window of the currently selected pad in a bank. To perform the action, press grid-ALT + the third key in the row underneath the bank whose pad you wish the live buffer to mirror.

_new default state_

- CHANGE: when loading a fresh cheat codes session, live buffer will not be automatically engaged/recording.
- CHANGE: when loading a fresh cheat codes session, pads will be set to 1-shot (previously, set to loop).

_etc_

- FIXED: if a collections-saved grid Pattern included a pad that was raised by a fifth, the Pattern would stop playing when it hit that pad.